1.Who developed python programming language
   Guido van Rossum

2.which type of programming does python support,
   Object-oriented programming and structured programming are fully supported,

3.Is python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?   
   Yes, Python is case sensitive when dealing with identifiers

4.Extension of python file is .py
  ex.main.py

5.Python is interpreted language

6.name = 'shan'
    
if name == 'shan':
    print('Correct Name!!')
else:
	print('InCorrect Name:(')
print('HI')

7.Single line comments - # 

8.We can do it in by 2methods:
 8.1- We can use terminal 
      In terminal we can type python -v
      then we can see python version

 8.2 -we can import python_version() function using platform module


9.Using lambda we can create anonymous function :
    # this will do the same thing with out using functions
    lam = lambda x,y:x**2*y
    print(lam(5,2)) 

10.PIP-  PIP stands for "Pip Installs Packages" and is a package management system used to install and manage software packages written in Python.

11.Inbuild functions:
    1.print()
    2.type()
    3.len()
    4.str()
    5.bool()
    6.int()
    7.float()

12.An identifier can have a maximum length of 79 characters in Python

13.Benefits of using python:
    1.python syntax is very much easy
    2.so ,we can easy to learn
    3.its supports oops
    4.python useful for variousfield.
       4.1 - web development
       4.2 -AI based application
       4.3 -Robotics
       4.4 -Computer Vision based applications
    5.Community support is high
    6.More well defined libraries.

14.In python memory management done by two process,
   14.1 - Garbage Collector
         Garbage Collector used to deallocate the unused Objects.user dont want to Collect manually.
   14.2 -Reference counting
         If two variable have same values means python doesnot create any new memory for new one,it will set Reference to new one from  old one.
15. Python Installation
Step 1 — Downloading the Python Installer.
Step 2 — Running the Executable Installer.
Step 3 — Adding Python to the Environment Variables (optional)
Step 4 — Verify the Python Installation.

16.Indentation is important for python

